wait away you have a target date you
hope to be back yeah I would want to -
an obstacle but we gotta make sure that
yourself hurt before talking finding
dates or names are you still working on
the Kentucky Community Plan suppose they
still talking about still working we're
waiting just waiting to see if they
offer you something uh and hopefully
they do and I just want to get back in
the ring house as possible but gotta
wait does it look more like you're gonna
they obviously you you know that the
lawsuit is it something that you want a
better situation with them or something
that they offer me that's my my trend is
something that something that as it is
you know we're working hopefully we find
something if not then you know let me
know if they can do it you know they can
do what we want or or just agree on our
demands or whatever the reason may be
then let us know so we can move on
forward I wanna move all of my career I
wanna be back in the ring but if this
takes line this tastes five six months
from now I'm fine with that I gotta take
care of this first
it's mine what is it a case like that
you want what like when you say things
that you want is there a specific fight
or specific D the specific mo means it's
a little bit of everything there's
spikes out there there's money there's
the way they handle business there if
needs to be taken care of before going
back in the ring they see the case I
mean Alps bring it up when they Uriel to
skin bow is fighting Terence Crawford
and I know for a long time you wanted
that fight exactly is that one of the
fights that kind of suit you their
losses of attempts price don't happen
for X amount of reasons
the fighters don't agree to a fight
sometimes it's the management I'll take
the fight I know they offered argon by
their work maybe with Terence Crawford
if the business right with that you know
that's what they're gonna go for if the
managers have Greek to that one before
they talk about my fight again I
understand a lot of boxing out and a lot
of the policy that mystery behind it my
own I just argue about won't fight I'm
not looking after one guy in particular
I just want to have options available